#yolo #summervaca #icecream #staycool Karie racked her brain as she thought of more hashtags to add on her instagram post. Sweat dotted on her forehead as the scorching sun had just come out from the clouds. She watched as her ice cream quickly melted onto the grass. Just as she was about to  type in the hashtag "friends", she realised that no one was there. She smiled. It was fine. She was used to it anyways. It was the end of exams, she had came out the top of the class, no, the whole entire level. Shouldn't she be happy? As she stared at her brand new iphone 12 and looked at her 250k followers, she sighed.
Karie had been born into a rich family and had always been gifted, always coming out at the top of the class and always going for international competitions in which she would win. She herself believed that she was fortunate and had the perfect life. Perfect. The truth was that Karie had always been a "spoilt baka" in her school. No one wanted to be with her, no one wanted to talk to her either, but to her, that was fine. She had always believed that life needed a balance, between having a perfect life without friends or having a non perfect life with them, she would rather choose the former. Yet, was her life really perfect without friends? It was the last week of school and as she uploaded the photo of ice cream on her Instagram page, she wondered what it would be like if she had friends to take the picture with her, would it really be that different? But she dismissed the thought and started thinking what her post exam life would be like. Probably the same as always, she thought.
As she entered school the next day, she was greeted with whispers between her schoolmates. They looked at her with menacing eyes, as if saying to her,"get away from our school" Yet she was used to it. She sat down at her secluded little desk by the window, taking out "the phantom of the opera" to read. Her post exam activities were rather dull and way below her intellectual level. 
It was unexpected, but during one of the post exam activities days, a new boy had joined. Whispers filled the air as the new girl shivered from head to toe and it was all from the whispers that gave the girl anxiety and nervousness. Karie rolled her eyes in a sophisticated manner. They were already eighteen years of age, why would she be feeling nervous? But then again, she realised that the new girl had not been as experienced as her to all the looming whispers from her schoolmates. 
"H-hel-lo, m-my n-ame 
